#labels Featured
= Development Environment =

== Eclipse Setup ==
  # Download Eclipse Indigo: Select your OS on the right-hand side. http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/packages/eclipse-ide-java-ee-developers/indigosr1
  # Extract the compressed file and put the resulting eclipse directory in a convenient place.
  # Run the eclipse executable in the eclipse directory. (Maybe Windows version comes with an installer and creates a shortcut)

== Subversive Plugin Setup ==
  # Help > Install New Software...
  # Enter http://download.eclipse.org/technology/subversive/0.7/update-site/ to "Work with" and press enter
  # Select "Subversive SVN Team Provider Plugin (Incubation)"
  # Next, Next, Finish
  # Restart Eclipse.
  # Select and install SVN Kit 1.3.5 as the SVN Connector
  # File > Import > Project from SVN
  # URL: https://swe574group2.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/
  # Enter your e-mail as the user name and find your password from: https://code.google.com/hosting/settings
  # Next, Next, Finish

== Play Setup ==
  # Download http://download.playframework.org/releases/play-1.2.3.zip
  # Extract the zip file to the project directory.

== Play-Eclipse Integration ==
  # cd src
  # ../play-1.2.3/play eclipsify
  # Delete project.
  # Import the project again (File > Import > Existing projects into workspace)
  # Copy the JAR file from $PLAY_HOME/support/eclipse to $ECLIPSE_HOME/dropins.
  # Restart Eclipse.

== MySQL Setup ==

  # XAMPP is recommended: http://www.apachefriends.org/en/xampp.html
  # Change the db parameter in src/conf/application.conf to suit your mysql configuration.

== Development Server ==
  # cd src
  # ../play-1.2.3/play run
  # Go to http://localhost:9000/